---
title: "Release Notes - MapLink Pro - Version 11.2.6"
release: 11.2.6
previous: 11.2.5
---

# Release Notes - MapLink Pro - Version {{ page.release }}

MapLink Pro {{ page.release }} is a limited release for Windows users.

# Related Pages

- [Previous Release]({{ page.previous }})

- [Upgrade Notes](../../support/install-and-upgrade)
- [Supported Platforms](../../support/platform-support)
- [Supported SDKs](../../support/sdk-support.md)

# Improvements
- **1843 Upgrade Earth SDK**
    > *This is a limited release for Windows at this time. Linux support follows in a future release. See the Known Issues section.*
    - Upgraded Earth SDK for MapLink Pro 11.
    - Updated openscenegraph to 3.6.5-20250604.1.
    - Updated osgearth to osgearth:3.7.3-20250604.1.
    
- **1852 Upgrade WMS Server**
    > *This is a limited release for Windows running in Tomcat at this time. Linux support follows in a future release.*
    - Upgraded WMS Server for MapLink Pro 11
    - Update base image to rocky 8
    - Update to tomcat v11
    - update to jakarta servlet 6.1
    - Update to java 17

# Features

- **6563 Save vector layers in the drawing surface to a SVG document**
    > *This is a limited release of this feature at this time and is included for project delivery. Will become a fully-productised feature in a future release.*
    - Saves all vector features in the drawing surface to [Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG)](https://www.w3.org/Graphics/SVG/About), preserving the rendering and ordering configured in the drawing surface. This provides a MapLink-independent vector rendering, facilitating inclusion in print output that can be scaled up to large paper sizes without diminishing sharpness and clarity.
    - Includes mappings between MapLink (TMF) rendering styles and symbols to SVG equivalents.
    - New methods on TSLDrawingSurface:
        - saveToSvg()
        - saveToSvgBuffer()
        - setupSaveToSvg()
        - deleteSvgBufferData()
        - and .NET equivalents on TSLN2DDrawingSurface.

# Bug Fixes
- 6202 LeadTools intermittent failure on L_CreateBitmap during startup health check

# Known Issues
- 3D Earth SDK on Linux: no raster maps displayed
